Why is this seat's task today?
It's indiscriminate engagement with survivors.
camp
Naturally including you
Go ahead.
I will kill you all one by one
It's all over now.
Wu Qiku
Nature is in the pocket of our cherry blossom tissue
I, Jiang Fan, am in this camp today
You can't move.
What a big breath
You must be the opposite of running the train with your mouth full
On the contrary.
Do you think no one knows your little secret?
I really see myself as a savior
Stupid
You know what?
Hahahahahaha
Under this sky
There are no secrets that our Sakura Organization does not know
So let's see who died so beautiful today
hide
I built this camp.
He's going to touch my people
Go through me first